README.md, before:

# Installation

Install directly from GitHub using `pip`:

```
pip install git+https://github.com/neuroevolution-ai/GymGuiEnvironments.git#egg=gym_gui_environments
```

# Usage

Import this package alongside `gym` and the environments are automatically registered and can be used with `gym.make`:

```python
import gym
import gym_gui_environments

env = gym.make("PySideGUI-v0")
env.reset()

# Alternative environment IDs: "PySideGUIRandomClick-v0", "PySideGUIRandomWidget-v0"
```

## Environment IDs

- `PySideGUI-v0`: Requires a tuple of integers as actions (x, y coordinates of a click)
- `PySideGUIRandomClick-v0`: Requires a boolean as action (which does nothing but is required because of the gym.Env
interface)
  - The environment clicks randomly in the SUT
- `PySideGUIRandomWidget-v0`, also requires a boolean as action
  - With a probability of 1/8, the environment does a random click in the SUT, while with a probability of 7/8 it
    selects a random widget in the SUT and clicks on a random position inside this widget
  - The probability of a random click can also be changed by setting `random_click_probability=PROB` in `gym.make`

Commit message:

Changed out two fonts in text printer - Bumped version
- Removed Noto Sans (not present on standard Ubuntu 20.04) and changed it to "Nimbus Roman" (also the roman variant
is a bit more distinguishable from the other fonts)
- Removed Terminus (as it displayed underlining very weirdly, it created huge blocks and sometimes had the whole
text printer completely filled with black) and changed it to "Ubuntu" (the font)

README.md, after:

# Installation

Install directly from GitHub using `pip`:

```
pip install git+https://github.com/neuroevolution-ai/GymGuiEnvironments.git#egg=gym_gui_environments
```

### Requirements

Make sure that the following fonts are installed system-wide (test with `fc-match "FONT_NAME"` on Linux-based 
systems):

```
"DejaVu Sans", "Liberation Mono", "Nimbus Roman", "Ubuntu"
```


# Usage

Import this package alongside `gym` and the environments are automatically registered and can be used with `gym.make`:

```python
import gym
import gym_gui_environments

env = gym.make("PySideGUI-v0")
env.reset()

# Alternative environment IDs: "PySideGUIRandomClick-v0", "PySideGUIRandomWidget-v0"
```

## Environment IDs

- `PySideGUI-v0`: Requires a tuple of integers as actions (x, y coordinates of a click)
- `PySideGUIRandomClick-v0`: Requires a boolean as action (which does nothing but is required because of the gym.Env
interface)
  - The environment clicks randomly in the SUT
- `PySideGUIRandomWidget-v0`, also requires a boolean as action
  - With a probability of 1/8, the environment does a random click in the SUT, while with a probability of 7/8 it
    selects a random widget in the SUT and clicks on a random position inside this widget
  - The probability of a random click can also be changed by setting `random_click_probability=PROB` in `gym.make`
